Add AMD support
Add README's to all directories to explain exactly what it's for and how to use it. (example: computers. It's for system configs for different computers)
Add section in README that explains how to correctly add new part to modules directory
Broken desktop: Can't open apps, restart cinnamon, steam popups become clear windows. Why?
Change description of this repo
Create directories in home directory for all different apps and things (Like: Programming, Programs, ProgramData, SecretAndKeys, etc...)
Desktop (KDE plasma or whatever the alternatives are)
Donate to the nixos fund so they don't go bankrupt
Every time a git commit is committed, run the "check if personal info or api keys exist" function automatically. If it does find conflicts, respond where and optionally commit.
Find out what was lagging Firefox and giving super long loading times
Find out why Minecraft 1.8.9 crashes my graphics drivers everytime I close the application
Firefox replace bitwarden extension with keepassxc extension (make new module)
I should really create the format guide, complete with the super formatter script
Keybind thing for pausing/skipping/previousing my music w/mouse buttons
Keybind to screenshot with WIN + SHIFT + S
Kitty why does it open as my default file manager
Minecraft fix error "GLFW error during init: [0x1000E]Failed to detect any supported platform"
Minecraft launcher actually launches
Minecraft profiles are downloaded and installed automatically
Modrinth actually launches
Neovim actual descriptions for keybinds
Neovim autocorrect (And way to disable it very quickly)
Neovim bash why are certain programs highlighted and not others
Neovim easy git
Neovim edit .docx and .md (.docx maybe not, but .md I wanna see preview)
Neovim goto definition working in C with header files
Neovim how do I save a file with a name without going into nvim-filetree?
Neovim terminal find out how to get out of it when you've typed into it
Neovim visual indicators for buffers
Neovim whenever I close terminal keep buffers the way they are
Neovim whenever I open terminal keep buffers the way they are
Open up editing suite script (open OBS, Audacity, File manager at video clips, Video Editor)
PDFS should be opened with Firefox automatically
Script to turn mkv files to mp4 automatically on OBS stop recording
Set all the default apps
SimulaVR should be installed automatically and declaratively, not by putting commands in the terminal 
Terminal autocorrect/intellisense
Test new and improved configuration by installing on old laptop
Understand what the heck SSH is and how to automatically generate keys
Wallpaper should be cool
Why does google docs flicker with Firefox (But only sometimes?)
Why in the heck does opening .zip files default to prism launcher
Why is it that when I run an application, it gives an "incompatible qt library blah blah" but with sudo it works?
Why when I switch accounts my cursor is vibrating and the screen is black (CTRL-SHIFT-ESC to fix)
Window manager (hyprland or whatever it's called)
Workspaces
FIX SCRIPTS!


Things that are too hard for how much time they save configuring:
Change theme to dark
Make tabs maximize instead of what they do now when you put them at the top of the screen


# Apps I need to install:
Visual Studio (Make it optional)
Brave


Done:
Script to force add drive
Script to make folder TRULY PUBLIC
Neovim terminal is easier to close with better shortcut
Delete everything
Scripts: CheckNames: Offending word/words first, then path, then line
Answer: yes. Should I use TXT files for TODO files? In TXT's favor .txt is clearly a text file, so you can't mistake it for anything else
Scripts: Do I import all of them for a computer or do I pick and choose? Pick'n'choose :)
Script in path for sudo nixos-rebuild switch --flake .#COMPUTER_NAME
Add all of my personal scripts as packages (To this repo). Note: They should be installed in the programming or programs directory, and accessable via path
Scripts: CheckNames: Offending word/words first, then path, then line # Did so much more
Cool colorscheme for terminal and Neovim
Neovim actual syntax highlighting for Java files
Nvim with all of my plugins and configurations that make sense
Neovim pressing esc while a snippet/autocomplete is present should exit itself AND exit to normal mode
Neovim tree with keybinds I can remember
Neovim do all of the keybinds for things
GCC # Honestly I can just make the dev environment
ALVR
Get Godot-mono to run (currently c# is limiting it)
Minecraft (Modrinth or something close)
Use outputs.homeModules rather than importing directly (For git and stuff like that manually import) # I didn't even have to manually import it!
Submit question to Nixos form regarding home-manager and enabling / disabling configurations.
Organize system module to have specific Optimizations directory (For laptops, specific CPUs, et cetera.
Move computers/default/base.nix to computers/base.nix
Make the Configuration structure part of README more simple
Refactor instructions for making new computer, and making new user
Redo structure to include a common/base config for both users and computers
Each user has it's own base, and a different config based on the computer it's running on (example: users/neck/nixos.nix rather than users/neck/default.nix)
Rename my computer "nixos" to "desktop"
Update the "amount of hours I spent on this project" to like 56 hr (Actually like 60 hr at time of writing)
Update README to use default computer
Godot
Make default computer and user, compiles without any configuration on all systems
Publish this to github
Explanations for why things are imported / configured / structured that way
Options for all of the modules in this config. (Like games and development should be able to be turned off)
Add different accounts for my computer
Add different machines for this config
Easy to navigate around this config
Restructure into modules and rename to make sense
Give credits to all the people I "borrowed" code from
Separate all CPU optimizations for AMD, Intel, and Laptop.
